about whatever now you're in it John
Krasinski I feel like I've met everyone
through the office yeah that's on you a
nice Emily advance crew Oh kind out how
are okay so I must get a great word
about you
no really yeah video we're at a function
together okay
it's for a good cause otherwise I
wouldn't have to talk to you what god
tech football for yeah yeah your
Minister
take a look
here I planned all this course
you pick it up she just jump on a
skateboard and now this is the best way
to start okay sure yeah it's like people
say don't learn a piano
I'm going to do that don't
how much before through any lessons
just play voice too
how is it I have a question just this is
always has
wondering about this
you play
Jefferson in fast times like as far as
I'm missing that was it
you were the meanest guy in the world
the male's is a football yeah but
everybody scared of the wreck this car
I don't know guess I never really
thought of No
yes angry because I just drew it is
alright I guess just pregnant
it was my doubly frightening right but
everybody was it leaves like a school
legend
right we're going to show
tell me about how because there was a
script that I was in and I should see it
so he was already attorney
they already had
you for sure yeah there wasn't some
space reserved for birdie for c-list
star and still I I did it I said I've
read
I thought it was actually funny like
this person said it was
I should be
Alex I pretty much stripped
yes I believe so
so what you told me is
I actually called you
and you turn around yeah what was your
name
Cory Cory I was like remember Cory and
then you re like
what happened like I wanted to turn it
like I stopped a moment of rage
I saw there was you I got
others quotes Colora thrashing arrows
I still
hey we should be record I say what are
you thrash
you can say everybody
yeah
I get to schedule a sensual you look
good actually you and I took a picture
together yeah as open uh freezer yeah I
think whoever had the camera was taken
to them and we actually cross the great
the K threshold
so long I saw the picture that I don't
even remember that I
like so many games
so when's the nukes Nations D the new
Tenacious D
Wow
drops in we're seeing it comes out
August 2012 just because I don't like
pressure really good map before that
20:12 everybody here because you know
it's good to see you it's good to see
Christina she have to tell me a little
bit about your history of the skating
because I know that you actually did
skate legitimately an evil quarterback
yeah what happened my quarter pipe I do
have a big poster of me you have more
pictures of you I'm sure growing I'm
standings but I have one hot one of me
in the 22-foot desert pipes in Arizona
I'll really break in and get in please
do the whole break in the pool in the
backyard here we got caught bailing out
do all that but uh we found 20 super
pipes that are all separated we're like
how juices went up and one time I went
up and you know 11 foot is vertical and
so it's to try new front side and I
wiped out zing my board I went out it at
about 11 feet it was and then my brother
was back that was like 40 that he heard
me go I started crying and they were
like no
what about the quarters you had in your
backyard every girl that comes over is
like I want to ride
the skateboarder they're like I'm like
honey actually sing crackhead brakes I
got here's a vicodin with a drop yet
sunset you were never here